---
title: "End Of Semester Learning Report"
date: 2020-12-04T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---
### I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management:
I can identify and define key concepts in web management by understanding the true definition of content management and then using that definition to understand the different parts of content management and how it all comes together. I can identify concepts like content aggregation which is an intentional grouping of content for the purposes of organization or presentation. Another key concept in content management is menuing which means you have a specific “menu” structure, and it links to specified content in the site, regardless of where that content is. Key definitions in content management have helped me develop content strategy and the ability to relate topics, processes and the production of content has helped me become a better content manager during the semester. My decision skills and how I develop content have changed from being able to understand these key concepts being taught in class. Another concept that I have read a lot about is content modelling and how content presentation are the key things in content management. I think content modelling and menuing can go hand in hand because they can help a user navigate a webpage easily.  One thing that stood out to me during this semester that I feel is very important is being able to create useful content and being able to make sure it is presented in an organized manner. 
### I can describe and compare content management systems:
I have been able to compare different content management systems over the course of this semester. I have focused a lot more on Hugo and WordPress since they are the main ones we have been using for this class and I have learned a lot about how each CMS works and how to create output code for Hugo. I have realized that although there are different CMS’s around, I prefer working with WordPress because of how easy it is to access different files and to publish pages and new content to the website. Also, while I have been learning about markdown I do not really like using it and on WordPress I do not have to use markdown which is something I like. WordPress does not have to go through different other host websites to work unlike Hugo which is another thing I like. I had trouble with some markdown code and it was kind of a pain trying to figure it out but then I learned that I was missing a single dot and so the code was not publishing and therefore all the other content I tried to publish did not work. One benefit that I would say I liked from Hugo was that with Netlify it let you know why your code doesn’t work so it helped when we were trying to figure out what was going on.
### I can manage content using established workflows:
I can manage content using established workflows like I have being doing with my group. We have been communicating with one another over the semester and it has been a long ride and we have accomplished a lot of good things and we have also learned from one another which is very important. At first we were not very good at communicating with one another and getting things done on time so we always ended up blaming one another but we never really set due dates and communicated it through with one another so we were not on the same page starting off. My role as administrator sort of helped me to get everyone on the same page about deadlines and equal group participation. I always reminded the group of due dates whenever I did not see anyone communicating in the group chat and I always tried to start discussions so everyone could feel comfortable working with one another and know what was expected. By doing this I was able to manage the content being turned in and making sure everyone was adhering to the rubric for the assignment. Everything started to come together in the middle of the semester, and we started working better together and we have been using our established workflows a lot to complete our group project and communicate ideas. It has helped us a lot during this semester and we have been able to get everyone to contribute to the group. 
### I can identify and employ technologies related to content management:
I can identify and employ technologies related to content management like I have been doing with WordPress and the group work all semester. I have also been employing technologies related to content management on Hugo with the weekly learning reports. Another way that I can identify and employ technologies related to content management is by figuring out what content attributes are being used on a webpage and their datatypes. Content attributes are typically associated with specific datatypes. Common datatypes include text, number, date, and image. Being able to identify such concepts help you understand how content is split up into different sections and different kinds of content are requested at different places on a website although they are still the same unit of content. 
### I can find and use resources for self-directed learning:
I have found resources for self-directed learning over the course of this semester and it has been pretty fun learning new things that I find interesting. I like how we got to find things we liked during the course of this class like when we had to pick themes for our Hugo website and when we had to find plug-ins for different class activities. It made it more fun because we were able to do things our own way and find things we liked for class which could even help us outside of class. I found plug-ins with calendars and planners and other plug-ins that could interact with social media websites and YouTube. I found resources for self-directed learning in the beginning of the semester to learn some more markdown elements and I also found different themes to help my website presentation look a lot better.
