---
title: "Learning Report Module 15"
date: 2020-11-28T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---
### On my progress with the "I Can" statements:

I can identify and define key concepts in web content management like themes and plug-ins.Thmes allow you to change the way the web page look without having to go through a lot of work. Plug-ins allow distribution and installation of other parts of a CMS more accessible to users. Like an extension of the CMS basically and they all work differently. I can compare content management systems like WordPress and Hugo in their similarities they both are used to post content and you can get specific in what kind of content you want to post. I can manage content using established workflows for example we do this in our group every week for our group blog posts. I talk to the group members and we decide what topic our next blog post is going to be then from there we draft up the content and the editors on our team get to work drafting and editing the content for grammatical and spelling errors. After that process our designers then upload it to the web and then it is good to go. I can identify and employ technologies related to content management like we did when we helped group 4 this week on the extr group project with themes and how to install one.  I can find and use resources for self-directed learning for example I was looking at a bunch of plug-ins and extensions for WordPress and there were some that I had never even heard of but things people would use on a daily basis and there were some like planners and reminders that I found pretty cool.
