---
title: "Learning Report Module 4"
date: 2020-08-30T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---
### On my progres with the "I Can" statements:

I can identify and define key concepts in web content management from learning more about Barker's definition and where he talks about how a CMS is general to managing content, regardless of format or intended purpose. And how a web content management system (WCMS) is intended to manage website content specifically, though this is so common that “CMS” is used interchangably and most uses of the term “CMS” are in reference to web content management systems. I can also compare content management systems and in the class activity where we had to discuss about Hugo I learned a lot more about how its features work and how you could also output code which is something I never tried to do but still have interest in. I can manage content using established workflows like I have been doing in class with my team. We have been communicating with each other about our groupwork and also helping one another answer questions if needed on different assignments in class. I can identify and employ technologies related to content management like using Hugo, and github in class. When we had to add menus in class to our homepage I alomost forgot how to do it so I had to brush up on my experience with github and familiarize myself with the different elements. I can findd and use resources for self-directed learning like Markdown since we will be using it a lot in this class I have been trying different codes out and different on the markdown basics page and it has been going pretty well.
