---
title: "Learning Report Module 2"
date: 2020-08-30T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---
On my progres with the "I Can" statements:
I have been able to identify and definne key concepts in web management by understanding the true defintion of content and Barker's defintion really helped me understand how everything sort of comes together. I can also employ technologies that relate to content management systems because I have been having some fun learning about markdown in my spare time. I have some pretty good experience in web design but I am a little rusty because I have not been heavily writing any codes so when we had the assignment to interpret some html and css code it helped me remeber a lot of things as I went through all the code. I also think markdown might be a little easier to use than html especially for beginner beacuse you do not have to use tags and other elements that come with writing html code. Markdown has made a simplified verson where you just have to use like astericks and dashes in place of tags. I did not know a lot about markdown before this class but now that I do i feel like I can motivate people to code with markdown because of its simplicity. When people see html code I feel like it is very ovewhelming so with markdown it would be simpler and not as overwhelming. I also like that there was a basics page that showed how the html version would look because that helped me understand what I needed to learn because I recognized the html code and kind of read it backwards to learn markdown.
