---
title: "Learning Report Module 12"
date: 2020-11-08T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---
### On my progres with the "I Can" statements:
I can identify and define key concepts in web content management like plug-ins and what they are used for on a content management system. They allow distribution and installation of other parts of a CMS  more accessible to users. Like an extension of the CMS basically and they all work differently. I can compare content management systems like WordPress and Hugo in their similarities they both are used to post content and you can get specific in what kind of content you want to post. Although there are diffrences on how they work and if they are hosted through other websites like Hugo for example works with github and nelify to deploy the posts online. I can manage content using established workflows for example we do this in our group every week for our group blog posts. I talk to the group members and we decide what topic our next blog post is going to be then from there we draft up the content and the editors on our team get to work drafting and editing the content for grammatical and spelling errors. After that process our designers then upload it to the web and then it is good to go. I can identify and employ technologies related to content management in wordpress like I did with my group on this week's extra group project. We worked on how to create menus in WordPress and I did not realize how much easier it was to do on there compared to when you are creating a website from scratch and having to work on a stylesheet page. Also WordPress gives you the option of creating your own or usinng a theme to create a menu so that is very fairly easy to get done and it went smoothly with the group. I can find and use resources for self-directed learning for example I was looking at a bunch of plug-ins and extensions for WordPress and there were some that I had never even heard of but things people would use on a daily basis and there were some like planners and countdowns that would remind you to get things done or just remind you of something important coming up.
